
My Goals
1. Why do I want to learn this skill?
What does it mean to you? What are your motivations? Will you prove something to yourself or
people around you? Will you get a raise because you’re better at your job or will you get a better job?

I have always wanted to learn full stack web development from scratch and not just the intro or the basic. But every time I start to
learn or want to learn something I always end up not completing or finishing it. First I want to prove to myself that I can finish
something that I started and I also want my family to see me accomplish things that I wanted. So they can be proud of me. The raise in
job just comes second :)

2. What will I achieve if I learn this skill?
Which doors will this skill open for you? Will you be able to earn more, have more flexibility in your
work hours, work remotely and travel more?

This will help me improve my skills in web development specially I have an existing clients. This will make me competent in developing
websites and online applications.


3. How will this skill change my life and my career?
Would you get a raise at your current job or more respect from your boss once you’ve learnt this skill?
Or will you be at Facebook, Amazon or Google instead? How would your life change?

This will definitely enhance my skills and keep me updated with the trends of website coding. This will be a start of a bright future!

4. How will learning this skill impact the lives of my family,
friends and coworkers?
What will you be able to do for your family or friends once you’ve learnt this skill? How will it change
the way they think of you? Will your coworkers respect you more?

I can have more clients by learning this skill and I can also improve my work and the applications that we are developing. By this
hopefully I can get a promotion ;)


5. How will I feel if I never accomplish this?
Would you feel disappointed? Would you feel like you’ve missed out?

Disappointed! Another what if in my life.


6. What would my life look like if I manage to accomplish this?
Visualise it. What would life look like from the moment you wake up to the time you go to sleep? Will
you be living by the sea? Would you kiss your beautiful wife/husband when you wake up

I can see it clearly. Better opportunities and higher income and a happy family ;)
